Document future GraphQL query limits (#4791)
medplum/medplum: packages/docs/docs/graphql/basic-queries.mdx

  </MedplumCodeBlock>
</details>

## Query Limits

> Because complex GraphQL queries may require many database operations, the cost of the query is estimated before execution,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because complex GraphQL queries may be computationally expensive, the cost of the query is estimated before execution,
```

and may be rejected by the server if the query will be too expensive to perform all at once. The estimated cost of a
GraphQL query is calculated based on the number of search operations performed and reference links traversed, using the
following general formula:

- Each reference link (i.e. `Reference.resource` field) in the query costs _D_ units, where D is the nesting depth of the
  reference field in the overall query
- Each search operation (e.g. `*List` fields that take a `_count` argument) costs `C^(1.5 * D)` units, where C is a small
  number (between 1 and 10) that grows with the requested `_count`, and D is the nesting depth of the search field in the
  overall query

These costs are added together, and compared to a configurable server limit in order to determine if the query should be

> executed against the database.

Reviewer 2: One exampel with a 2-3 level deep query will help solidify this. Can you add a code block inside a <details></details> tag, with the total score up top, and comments for how the depth adds to the complexity?
